README.md, before:

[My data source](https://researchbriefings.parliament.uk/ResearchBriefing/Summary/CBP-7529#fullreport)

# Milestone Project 2
gigit
One or two paragraphs providing an overview of your project.

Essentially, this part is your sales pitch.

<hr>

### UX

Use this section to provide insight into your UX process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.

In particular, as part of this section we recommend that you provide a list of User Stories, with the following general structure:

As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.
This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included as a pdf file in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.

<hr>

### Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.

<hr>

### Existing Features

Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
...
For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

<hr>

### Features Left to Implement

Another feature idea

<hr>

### Technologies Used

[Favicon Generator](https://www.favicon-generator.org/) is the tool I used to create the icons for this project. Absolutely fabulous as it only took a miniute and I had all the icons and code supplied simply by providing an image to the genrator.

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

JQuery
The project uses JQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.

<hr>

### Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

<hr>

### Contact form:

Go to the "Contact Us" page
Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.
In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

<hr>

### Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:

Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
Different configuration files?
Separate git branch?
In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.

<hr>

### Credits

Content
The text for section Y was copied from the Wikipedia article Z

<hr>

### Media

The photos used in this site were obtained from ...
The free image used to generate the favicon was obtained from [here](#) using the search...

<hr>

### Acknowledgements

### Wireframes

The original wireframes are located here.

##### Footnote

Commit message:

add data files rename assets folder to static with external libraries

README.md, after:

[My data source](https://researchbriefings.parliament.uk/ResearchBriefing/Summary/CBP-7529#fullreport)
[Supporting documents](http://researchbriefings.files.parliament.uk/documents/CBP-7529/CBP-7529.Download.xlsx)

# Milestone Project 2

One or two paragraphs providing an overview of your project.

Essentially, this part is your sales pitch.

<hr>

### UX

Use this section to provide insight into your UX process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.

In particular, as part of this section we recommend that you provide a list of User Stories, with the following general structure:

As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.
This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included as a pdf file in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.

<hr>

### Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.

<hr>

### Existing Features

Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
...
For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

<hr>

### Features Left to Implement

Another feature idea

<hr>

### Technologies Used

[Favicon Generator](https://www.favicon-generator.org/) is the tool I used to create the icons for this project. Absolutely fabulous as it only took a miniute and I had all the icons and code supplied simply by providing an image to the genrator.

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

JQuery
The project uses JQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.

<hr>

### Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

<hr>

### Contact form:

Go to the "Contact Us" page
Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.
In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

<hr>

### Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:

Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
Different configuration files?
Separate git branch?
In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.

<hr>

### Credits

Content
The text for section Y was copied from the Wikipedia article Z
The image used for the favicon
<a style="background-color:black;color:white;text-decoration:none;padding:4px 6px;font-family:-apple-system, BlinkMacSystemFont, &quot;San Francisco&quot;, &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;, Helvetica, Ubuntu, Roboto, Noto, &quot;Segoe UI&quot;, Arial, sans-serif;font-size:12px;font-weight:bold;line-height:1.2;display:inline-block;border-radius:3px" href="https://unsplash.com/@element5digital?utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=photographer-credit&amp;utm_content=creditBadge" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" title="Download free do whatever you want high-resolution photos from Element5 Digital"><span style="display:inline-block;padding:2px 3px"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" style="height:12px;width:auto;position:relative;vertical-align:middle;top:-2px;fill:white" viewBox="0 0 32 32"><title>unsplash-logo</title><path d="M10 9V0h12v9H10zm12 5h10v18H0V14h10v9h12v-9z"></path></svg></span><span style="display:inline-block;padding:2px 3px">Element5 Digital</span></a>

<hr>

### Media

The photos used in this site were obtained from ...
The free image used to generate the favicon was obtained from [here](#) using the search...

<hr>

### Acknowledgements

### Inspiration

Having just returned to England after a long period abroad, I found myself somewhat out of the loop with regards to politics, which was particularly emphasised by the upcoming election on December 12th, 2019. I spent rather a lot of time trying to improve my understanding and knowledge in order to feel like I would make an informed vote, without really succeeding as much as I had hoped. I chose to use the topic for my project in an attempt to answer my own questions and possibly provide a more vsual understanding of where GB stood in respect of the political parties based on the past 100 years. I felt this could potentially provide a platform for further questions to arise and construct a means to answer them.

### Wireframes

The original wireframes are located here.

##### Footnote
